nodes/gnss/README.md, before:

# GPS_MAG_BARO

## U-center with Cyphal GNSS

1. Install wine for ubuntu.
2. Download [u-center](https://www.u-blox.com/en/product/u-center) (tested with u-center 23.08)
3. Run u-center: `wine64 u-centersetup_v23.08/u-center_v23.08.exe`
4. Compile DSDL, configure SLCAN and Cyphal related environment variables: `cyphal/ds015.sh`
5. Run the script: `python3 nodes/gnss/ublox_center.py`
6. Press Receiver - > Connection -> Network connection

    ![](https://github.com/PonomarevDA/tools/blob/docs/assets/gnss/ucenter/network_connection.png?raw=true)
7. Add new connection `tcp://127.0.0.1:2001`

    ![](https://github.com/PonomarevDA/tools/blob/docs/assets/gnss/ucenter/address.png?raw=true)


## Test

The following script automatically:

1. Downloads the latest required firmware and upload it to the target
2. Retrive the board data (software version, hardware, UID) and provides auto test of GNSS, Magnetometer and Barometer
3. Optionally, sends report to the printer (tested with XPRINTER XP-365B)

```
./nodes/gnss/test.sh --protocol <>
```

For details type `--help` option.

Commit message:

update cyphal gnss from v1.5.2 to v1.5.4, add registers example

nodes/gnss/README.md, after:

# GPS_MAG_BARO

## U-center with Cyphal GNSS

It is possible to run u-center over Cyphal.

RL GNSS allows to do it with `gps.ubx_tx` and `gps.ubx_rx` topics.

1. Install wine for ubuntu.
2. Download [u-center](https://www.u-blox.com/en/product/u-center) (tested with u-center 23.08)
3. Run u-center: `wine64 u-centersetup_v23.08/u-center_v23.08.exe`
4. Compile DSDL, configure SLCAN and Cyphal related environment variables (for example: `cyphal/ds015.sh`)
5. Run the script: `python3 nodes/gnss/ublox_center.py`
6. Press Receiver - > Connection -> Network connection

    ![](https://github.com/PonomarevDA/tools/blob/docs/assets/gnss/ucenter/network_connection.png?raw=true)
7. Add new connection `tcp://127.0.0.1:2001`

    ![](https://github.com/PonomarevDA/tools/blob/docs/assets/gnss/ucenter/address.png?raw=true)


## Test gnss script

The following script automatically:

1. Downloads the latest required firmware and upload it to the target
2. Retrive the board data (software version, hardware, UID) and provides auto test of GNSS, Magnetometer and Barometer
3. Optionally, sends report to the printer (tested with XPRINTER XP-365B)

```bash
./nodes/gnss/test.sh --protocol cyphal # or dronecan
```

For details type `--help` option.
